Rename Tag(s) to Event(s) (#4046)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/app-dev/indexing-transactions.md

to their results.

Events can be used to index transactions and blocks according to what happened

> during their execution. Note that the set of keys returned for a block from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
during their execution. Note that the set of events returned for a block from
```

events is correct!

`BeginBlock` and `EndBlock` are merged. In case both methods return the same

> key, only the value defined in `EndBlock` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type, only the key-value pairs defined in `EndBlock` are used.
```

Events can be used to index transactions and blocks according to what happened
during their execution. Note that the set of events returned for a block from
`BeginBlock` and `EndBlock` are merged. In case both methods return the same
type, only the key-value pairs defined in `EndBlock` are used.

Each event contains a type and a list of attributes, which are key-value pairs
denoting something about what happened during the method's execution. For more
details on `Events`, see the [ABCI](../spec/abci/abci.md) documentation.

An Event has a composite key associated with it. A `compositeKey` is constructed by its type and key separated by a dot.
For example:

```json
"jack": [
  "account.number": 100
]
```

> would be equal to the composite key of `jack.account.numer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would be equal to the composite key of `jack.account.number`.
```

#   2) "kv" (default) - the simplest possible indexer, backed by key-value storage (defaults to levelDB; see DBBackend).
indexer = "kv"

> # Comma-separated list of compositeKeys to index (by default the only key is "tx.hash")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Comma-separated list of composite keys to index (by default the only key is "tx.hash")
```
